✏️ Fix typos (#254)
ethereum/eth-tester: README.md

#### `EthereumTester.delete_filter(filter_id)`

> Removes the filter for to provide `filter_id`.  If no filter is found for the

Reviewer: This should be

```suggestion
Removes the filter for the provided `filter_id`.  If no filter is found for the
```

#### MockBackend

This backend has limited functionality.  It cannot perform any VM computations.

> It mocks out all of the objects and interactions.

Reviewer: This is actually fine the way it is. Let's leave "all of the objects" here.
